
Team Members: Anna Cunningham, Janice Liu, Jonathon Kuo, Vicki Zhang, Tamasha Pathirathna


Milestone One 

Tamasha: Explored the congress GitHub and assessed potential data applications. Collaborated on creating the brief description of the application, the plan for getting the data to populate the database, structuring the sample data and assessing the list of assumptions. Also contributed to creating the E/R diagram.

Anna: Designed web interface, collaborated on ER and schema design with Tamasha, wrote web application introduction and assumptions. 

Jonathon: Contributed to the finalization of E/R and schema design. Wrote create.sql to set up the database with the appropriate tables, constraints, and triggers. Wrote load-sample.sql to load in some small sample data. 

Vicki: Wrote SQL queries that would supply dynamic contents for the web pages/modify the database. Further populated the small sample database and tested these SQL statements in the sample database.

Janice: Finalized the E/R diagram, discussed final details of the database design with team members

Milestone Two

Tamasha: Used Flask and Python to begin creating the web application. Helped plan the design of the web pages and began work on the 
registered user pages.

Anna: I wrote the models in models.py for the sql relations. In addition to this, I worked with Tamasha on creating a signup page. I also provided support with frontend design, particularly how users will query information (this part has not been fully implemented yet).

Janice: Created a small prototype of what the frontend might look like/function on Adobe XD.  Used Flask and Python to begin creating the web application: so modifying app.py and config.py to connect to our database and set up backend, and creating html files for the frontend. Updated the E/R diagram to reflect the actual set up database

Jonathon: I collected the raw production data from the two sources linked in the report. I also wrote the Python scripts that parsed the raw production data and converted them to SQL INSERT statements that matched the schema that I wrote in create.sql. These files and their output can be found in the sql folder of the directory. The output files of these scripts can be used to create the production database, as described in the README. 

Vicki: Adapted SQL queries to the schema of the real database. Tested SQL queries in the new schema into an output file. Experimented with production database, then modified and expanded querying functionalities based on the more interesting/more readily available info in the production database.

Final Milestone

Anna: I added functionality in the Congressperson page. I also helped with additional frontend design. Finally, I worked on slide deck and final report with the group.

Janice: Finished out functionality for Bills webpage with Vicki, such as filtering Bills by category, date, chamber, etc. Also touched up the front end to make it look nicer. Worked on slide deck and final report with group. 

Jonathon: I made final adjustments to the production dataset, accounting for multiple rounds of voting on a bill. I worked on finishing user registration, login, logout, and updating info. Additionally, I worked on finishing the functionality for the Congressman page. Worked on slide deck and final report with group. 

Tamasha: Added a user homepage and implemented the functionality for it. I added navigational features and finalized the flow of the webpages. I worked on the slide deck and the final report with the group.

Vicki: Finished out functionality for bills page with Janice, e.g. displaying the congresspeople who voted a certain way on a bill (and only if it was voted on at all). Finished touches on displaying votes casted by representatives of the user. Worked on slide deck and final report with group. 
